hi everyone and welcome to Nicko's
kitchens fast food Friday today we're
going to be making one of the most
famous burgers in the world and of
course I'm talking about the Burger King
whopper he's got budget meals Monday
what you want Wednesday fast food Friday
what else could he share it's Nicko's
kitchen where satisfying meals are we're
making the famous whopper now the first
thing that we're going to have to do and
you've seen me do this before when we've
done a few burgers is just grab some
baking paper on a flat surface
now the burger patties on a whopper are
a little thicker than we've done before
so grab a little bit more ground beef
now this ground beef again is an 80/20
split so its 20% fat 80% beef so it's
going to be nice and juicy just mold it
into a ball and just put your baking
paper back over the top and just grab a
rolling pin and what we're going to do
is just roll that patty into a nice
shape round shape so try and get the
best shape that you can guys and just
roll it up just like that what I want
you to do just with those rough edges
just using your fingers just go around
and tuck them in a bit and just keep
repeating that process guys until you've
got as many burger patties that you want
to make so guys to do the whopper what
you're going to need is a grill now you
can do this on the barbecue or if you've
got one of those grill pans you can do
it inside but I'm doing it outside
because of the flame grill it's going to
lightly oil the grill just with some
vegetable oil and I've got our beef
patties here
and I'm just going to lay them straight
on
and guys you want to cook these for
about three minutes each side that won't
take too long but you do want those nice
char marks on each side it's only about
three minutes on each side but
definitely make sure they're cooked all
the way through so you can see there
guys those char marks on the burger
patties that's what you're looking for
when you're grilling them all right guys
our whopper patties are ready to rock
and roll
so let's assemble this bad boy up so
guys what we've got here is a sesame
seed bun that I've just cut in half and
I have toasted and the griller now just
focusing on the hill for the second I've
got our beef patty I'm just going to
place it onto the heel and on top of
that I'm going to put on some pickles
then I'm going to be adding some tomato
ketchup on top of the ketchup we're
going to be putting on some onion now
what I did to the onion I just cut a
slice and I've taken out the Rings just
like that and just place them on the top
if we just swap around and we're going
to start concentrating on the crown I've
got some mayonnaise here and I'm just
going to grab some of the mayonnaise put
it on the crown and just swirl it around
to the edges and next I've got some
lettuce that I've just shredded I'm
going to place that on top of the Mayo
and finally we're going to place on some
tomatoes and you want them about that
thick and then what I want you to do
guys grab the crown which is the top
part and then just put it on top of the
hill and there you have a guy's the
whopper so guys it's as easy as that to
do it at home because you just know it's
going to be tasting better I guarantee
it
speaking of tasting why don't we get
stuck into this bad boy just check that
out it does look super super awesome
Oh oh yeah whoo
and that's how authentic it is I even
drips up as always the ingredients are
below so check it out and give this a go
because I'm telling you homemade is the
way to go trust me you guys take care
and I will see you this Monday for
budget meals so until then take care